So, here's how I define the Discriminator.
This is just one of many possible solutions to this task.
The first thing I'm doing, is saving my past in
confident parameter because I know I'll need to reference this later,
then I'm defining three strided convolutional layers
using my conv helper function from above.
Recall, that this function takes in
our usual convolutional layer parameters with
a default stride equal to two and padding equal to one.
It also has a batch norm parameter that defaults to true and this defines
whether or not we add a batch norm layer to the outputs of our strided convolution layer.
So, here, my first started convolutional layer is seeing an image as input and
each image from the SVA Gen dataset and
each generated image should have a depth of three,
one for each color channel,
RGB and this is producing conv_dim m number of filtered output images,
in this case, 32.
You'll also note that I'm using a kernel size of four and in the case of the first layer,
there was no batch norm layer applied to the outputs of the strided convolutional layer.
So, I set the parameter batch norm to false.
As I create my second convolutional layer, conv2,
I'm using my helper function again just increasing
the depth of these layers from conv_dim to conv_dim times two.
I'm sending a kernel size to four again and without any additional parameters,
I'm leaving the batch norm parameter to its default value which is true and I'm doing
the same thing for my third convolutional layer
only increasing the depth by a factor of two once more.
Let's talk a bit about the shape of
the input image as it goes through these convolutional layers.
It starts out as a 32 by 32 image and
after it goes through each of these strided convolutional layers,
it will reduce in spatial size by a factor of two.
So, it goes from 32 by 32 to 16 by 16,
eight-by-eight and after the third convolutional layer, four-by-four.
Now, if I look at my diagram,
this is going to look like a four-by-four convolutional layer with
a depth of conv_dim times four, which is 128.
At the end of these convolutional layers,
I know I also need to smash these outputs and feed them to
a final fully connected layer that will output
just one value that indicates whether an input image is real or fake.
So, here, I'm creating a final fully connected layer fc
that sees every single output value from the last convolutional layer.
As I mentioned, at the end we have
a four-by-four image and a depth of conv_dim times four.
So, this is how many inputs this layer should see and it produces one value as output.
So, all these layers complete my init function,
then to my forward function.
I'll actually parse an input x through all these layers.
So, in parsing x through my convolutional layers one at a time.
You'll also see that I'm applying a leaky_relu activation function to
each of these outputs with a negative slope value of 0.2.
After going through these layers,
I then have to flatten the output from the final convolutional layer,
which I am doing using outdoor view negative
one and then the number of flattened inputs I expect.
Again, this is our four-by-four image times the depth of that last layer.
Then, I can feed this flattened output into
my last fully connected layer and return that output.
There is no activation function here and so this should give me my discriminator logits.
I'll apply a sigmoid activation function later on when I calculate the loss
between these logits and some target real or fake labels. Okay, great.
So, as long as you have a few convolutional layers
and you're careful with how you've applied batch norm,
this should be a complete classifier made of strided convolutional layers.
Next, we can move on to defining the generator.